Admission Information
Admission to the university is based on merit only. There are no quotas, reserved seats or admission through donation. Moreover, there is no age limit for the applicants. Merit is determined either through University's own admission test or an equivalent test conducted by a reputable organization.

---

Candidates Awaiting Result
Candidates awaiting their FA/FSc/A-level results can also apply. They are given provisional admission subject to passing the examination with required marks. If a candidate fails to qualify the exam, then the admission shall stand cancelled. The tuition fee shall be refunded as per HEC guidelines. Such students MUST immediately inform the University about their result along with an application for the refund of dues.

---

Admission Procedure
1. Admission Application Form must be filled online at the University's website: admissions.nu.edu.pk. Applications are not accepted through post or by hand.
2. The online system assigns a Unique Application Reference Number (ARN) to each applicant, which must be noted for later use.
3. Application processing fee of Rs. 3,000 is payable by each applicant.
4. If an applicant wants to apply for admission to more than one campus, then Rs. 500 is payable for each additional campus.
5. If an applicant wants to take more than one type of Admission Tests, then Rs. 500 is payable for each additional type of Test. Each type of admission test can be taken only once. For Bachelor programs, there are two types of admission tests. For MS and PhD programs, there is a different admission test for each program.
6. Applicant will deposit the Application Processing Fee in the designated Bank. Application fee is non-refundable/adjustable.
7. Applicant will confirm that information entered in the Admission Application Form is correct. In case of incorrect information, the University has the right to cancel the application and/or admission without refund of any fee.
8. After payment of the Application Processing Fee, the applicant MUST print his/her ADMIT CARD bearing the date, time, venue and other relevant details.
9. The applicant should then visit the test campus on the date and time specified on the Admit Card. Candidates without admit cards will not be allowed to take the test.

---

Foreign Nationals
At the time of admission, foreign nationals must submit a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Ministry of Federal Education and Professional Training.
Those who have taken NTS-NAT examination (in the previous six months) can apply for admission to Bachelor degree programs.
Applicants who have taken GAT-Subject test can apply for admission in MS, MBA or PhD programs.
Those who have taken SAT examination can apply for admission to the Bachelor degree programs.
Those who have taken the GRE (general) can apply for admission to MS and MBA programs.
Those who have taken the GRE (subject test) can apply for admission to PhD programs.
