Section: Fee Structure Overview
The National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences (NUCES) provides comprehensive fee structure information for all academic programs. The fee structure is effective from Fall 2025 semester and is subject to revision every year.

Section: Admission Fee
Admission Fee of Rs 30,000 is payable once at the time of admission. If a graduate of this University is admitted to a higher degree program, then admission fee is not payable again.

---

Section: Security Deposit
A refundable security deposit of Rs 20,000 is also payable at the time of admission.

---

Section: Tuition Fee Structure
Tuition Fee is payable in full before the start of each semester. It is subject to revision every year. For the academic year 2025-26 the tuition fee per credit hour is as follows:
For BBA and BS programs, the tuition fee per credit hour is Rs. 11,000.
For MBA and MS programs, the tuition fee per credit hour is Rs. 11,000.
For PhD programs, the tuition fee per credit hour is Rs. 11,000.

---

Section: Student Activities Fund
To support co-curricular and extra-curricular activities a Student Activities Fund has been formed. Students contribute Rs 2,500 (w.e.f. Fall 2024 semester) towards Students Activities Fund per semester.

---

Section: Miscellaneous Fees
Additional Transcript Fee is Rs. 300.
Campus Transfer Fee is Rs. 5,000.
Temporary Campus Transfer Fee is Rs. 2,000.
Degree Correction Fee is Rs. 2,000.
Semester Freeze Fee (within two weeks of start of classes) is Rs. 2,000.
Late Registration Fee/Freeze Fee/Course Withdrawal (After second week of start of classes) is Rs. 5,000.
Retake Sessional Exam Fee (Per Course) is Rs. 2,000.
Retake Final Exam Fee (Per Course/Lab) is Rs. 2,000.
Paper Rechecking Fee (Per Course/Lab) is Rs. 500.
Issuance of Certificate/Letter Fee is Rs. 300.
Applicant Admission Fee is Rs. 3,000.
These fees are non-refundable.

---

Section: Late Payment Fine
Late payment fine is levied on the entire outstanding fee (current as well as arrears). It is charged at the rate of Re 1.00 per day for every thousand rupees. Registration is suspended TWO months after the due date for payment of fee.

---

Section: Fee Refund Policy
Admission Fee is non-refundable. Security deposit is refundable at the time of completion of degree or closing of admission. Tuition Fee is refunded in accordance with the revised guidelines of Higher Education Commission (HEC) and is applicable from 20-Dec-2024 (i.e. HEC Letter Issuance Date).
Upto 10th day of commencement of classes: 100% Fee Refund.
Upto 15th day of commencement of classes: 80% Fee Refund.
Upto 20th day of commencement of classes: 60% Fee Refund.
Upto 30th day of commencement of classes: 50% Fee Refund.
31st day onwards of commencement of classes: No Refund.
Note: Days shall be counted including working days and holidays. After declaration of result, admission of a student stands cancelled if he/she fails to meet the required eligibility requirement for admission. The fee refund is calculated from the date of his/her result announcement.

---

Section: Payment Instructions
Fee can be paid using any one of the following methods:
1. Print the challan form and then visit any nearest Faysal bank branch for cash deposit.
2. Via bank account using Kuickpay payment gateway.
Step 1: Sign in to your Internet Banking, Mobile Banking or visit an ATM machine.
Step 2: Select Bill Payment / Payments and then select 'kuickpay' from given categories.
Step 3: Enter the voucher or invoice number & continue. Make sure to enter Institution ID as prefix (mentioned on challan).
Step 4: Confirm your voucher details and proceed to payment. Payment alerts will be received accordingly.

Customers of following Banks can avail Kuickpay service: Allied Bank, Askari Bank, Bank Al Habib, Bank Alfalah, Bank Islami, Bank of Punjab, Dubai Islamic Bank, Faysal Bank, First Women Bank, Habib Metro Bank, Habib Bank Limited, JS Bank, MCB Bank, MCB Islamic Bank, Meezan Bank, National Bank, NRSP Bank, SAMBA Bank, Soneri bank, Summit Bank, UBL and Keenu App.
Easy paisa and JazzCash can also be used for payment via kuickpay. (Transaction Limit apply).
For further clarification, please visit: https://app.kuickpay.com/PaymentsBillPayment
